okay so what we're doing now we're doing
a free jumping session but it's um this
is different because I normally have
another person on the side or I put them
on a stay this time I'm sending him to
nobody anyway so I have a little oxer
setup and I haven't done it long time he
doesn't jump a lot he's not your
tightest jumper will say likes to hang
his legs but but it's a concept for
working on and it's just teaching him to
go and work out distances and I just
want to demonstrate for you and so we're
going to do it again so he's got helmet
cam I've got helmet cam and we're going
to it looks like from his perspective
all right here we go so he's walking
with me good boy good boy so he's
walking with me I don't set him up in a
particular distance I see the oxer and I
say go good boy and they're not like
that so I just started that five minutes
ago with him going all by himself so
that was really good I don't even have a
clue what it looked like but we'll see
what it looks like from his angle
because I think that'll be kind of fun
anyway so let's do it maybe one more
time come on sometimes he likes to throw
his head a little bit when he's free
jumping and so he I got make sure his
cameras up all the way alrighty here we
go and go oh that wasn't a good one to
end on I still fed it a little bit
because I like to try he's kind of a
quitter so if he were horse is kind of
not careful I or just was really bold I
would not reinforce that but the kind of
kathy's kind of a quitter I thought that
was a pretty good effort with a pretty
bad distance who
okay minty oh wait for a second wait
wait wait come here good and he
anticipated going there and I went to
wait until I send him it's all very
important part of the strategy it's him
just paying attention to me no matter
what he sees the jump and he wants to
get going with it good boy okay go good
he's still pointed a bit
alright alright one more time save a
little bit more distance doesn't help
him out a little bit okay go haha well
I'll just give him a three-second pause
let him process that wasn't a good thing
three-second pause he kind knew and he
feel he dallies on his way back he knows
he wasn't very he's not getting some
okay go good very good at least he
cleared it on the back end still slow
but there we go so for today's help me
cam session 6 my hair for today's helmet
cam session wait okay that was me a min
T and that was free jumping if you want
to learn more go to ask shawna calm or
sonic irish calm and we'll see you next
time enjoy getting your horse on target
bye